Add JSDoc comments to errors for doc generation (#5355)
withastro/astro: packages/astro/src/core/errors/README.md

- Do not prefix `title`, `message` and `hint` with descriptive words such as "Error:" or "Hint:" as it may lead to duplicated labels in the UI / CLI.

### Documentation support through JSDoc

Using JSDoc comments, [a reference for every error message](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/error-reference/) is built automatically on our docs. Users can then search for a error code to find more information on how to fix the error they encountered.

Here's how to create and format the comments:

```js
/**
  * @docs <- Needed for the comment to be used for docs
  * @message <- (Optional) Clearer error message to show in cases where the original one is too complex (ex: because of conditional messages)
  * @see <- List of additional references users can look at
  * @description <- Description of the error
  */
```
Example:
```js
/**
  * @docs
  * @message Route returned a `returnedValue`. Only a Response can be returned from Astro files.
  * @see
  * - [Response](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#response)
  * @description
  * Only instances of [Response](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response) can be returned inside Astro files.
  */
```

> For `@message`, the property is intended to provider a slightly cleaned error message or if there's multiple messages possible, a collection of common messages. If possible, avoid doing substantial changes to messages as some users might search for the error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@message` property is intended to provide slightly more context when it is helpful: a more descriptive error message or a collection of common messages if there are multiple possible error messages. Try to avoid making substantial changes to existing messages so that they are easy to find for users who copy and search the exact content of an error message.
```
Just some other thoughts here, for your consideration!
